<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Privacy Policy</title>
  <style type="text/css">@import url("license.css");</style>
</head>

<body>
<h3>Privacy Policy</h3>

<p>This Privacy Policy (hereinafter – Policy) applies to any and all information about the user that Yandex, LLC and/or its affiliates, including all entities in the "Yandex" group (in the text - Yandex), may obtain during the use of any of the sites, services, programs or products provided by Yandex (hereinafter – Yandex services). The consent of users to provide personal information that is issued in accordance with this Policy (in dealing with one of the entities that is considered part of Yandex), applies to all of the entities that are part of Yandex.</p>

<p><strong>By using the Yandex Services the user expresses his/her unconditional agreement with this Policy and the conditions of processing the user’s personal information contained herein; if the user does not agree with these conditions, the user should not use the Services.</strong></p>

<h3>1. User personal information obtained and processed by Yandex.</h3>
<p>1.1. According to this Policy, “user personal information” means the following:</p>
<p>1.1.1. Personal information that users provide about themselves when registering (creating an account) or when using services, including personal data. Information required for the provision of the Services is marked respectively. Other information shall be provided by the user at his/her own discretion.</p>
<p>1.1.2. Data automatically transferred by the software installed on the user’s device to the Yandex Services in the course of their use, including, but not limited to, IP address, cookies, the user’s browser data (or any other software used to access the Services), time of access, as well as the URL of the page requested.</p>
<p>1.1.3. Other information about the user, if stipulated by Regulations on particular Yandex Services.</p>
<p>1.2. This Policy only applies to the Yandex Services. Yandex has no control over, and/or does not bear responsibility for, third-party websites, which the user may access by following hyperlinks available on Yandex’s websites, including hyperlinks in search results. Such websites may request other personal information or perform other actions.</p>
<p>1.3. Generally, Yandex does not verify personal information provided by users and will not monitor their legal capacity. However, Yandex assumes that the user provides true and sufficient personal information requested by the registration form and keeps such information up to date. The consequences of providing false or incorrect information are stipulated by the Terms of Services (http://company.yandex.ru/rules/).</p>

<h3>2. Purpose of collecting and processing the user personal information</h3>
<p>2.1. Yandex collects and stores only the personal data that required for the provision of the Services (execution of agreements and contracts with the user).</p>
<p>2.2. Yandex may use user personal information in order to:</p>
<p>2.2.1. Identify a party to an agreement or contract with Yandex;</p>
<p>2.2.2. Provide personalized Services to the user;</p>
<p>2.2.3. Contact the user if necessary, as well as forward notices, requests and information related to the use of the Services, and to process requests and applications of the user;</p>
<p>2.2.4. Improve the quality of the Services, convenience of their use, develop new Services;</p>
<p>2.2.5. Target advertisements;</p>
<p>2.2.6. Carry out statistical and other kinds of research and analysis based on anonymized data.</p>

<h3>3. Conditions for the processing of personal user information and its transfer to third parties</h3>
<p>3.1. Yandex stores user information in accordance with internal regulations regarding particular services.</p>
<p>3.2. The confidentiality of user personal information shall be maintained, except if the user willingly makes his/her details publicly available. By creating an account in particular Services (e.g. Moi Krug, Ya.ru) the user agrees that a certain part of his/her personal information becomes publicly available.</p>
<p>3.3. Yandex is entitled to transfer personal information to third parties in the following cases:</p>
<p>3.3.1. Where the user expressly consents to such transfer;</p>
<p>3.3.2. Such provision is required for the user’s use of a certain Service. This ensures the confidentiality of personal information and that the user will be explicitly notified when such a transfer occurs;</p>
<p>3.3.3. The transfer of information to Russian or other applicable legal authorities under the procedure established by law;</p>
<p>3.3.4. When such a transfer takes place within the scope of a sale or other transfer of business (in whole or in part), and the purchaser must assume all the obligations to comply with the terms of this policy with respect to personal information to receive information;</p>
<p>3.3.5. In order to secure remedy for Yandex or third parties in the event of a breach of the Yandex Terms of Services by the user (http://company.yandex.ru/rules/).</p>
<p>3.4. The processing of the personal data of Yandex users is regulated by the Federal law of Russian Federation "On personal data".</p>

<h3>4. Changing personal information of the user</h3>
<p>4.1. The user may at any time change (update, supplement) the provided personal information or its part, as well as its confidentiality settings, using the personal data editing features available in the "Passport" or in the personal data section of the respective Service.</p>
<p>4.2. The user may also remove his/her account; if personal information is provided within a particular account, he/she may use the "Delete Account" section in the "Passport". Deleting an account may render certain Yandex Services unavailable.</p>

<h3>5. Measures used to protect the personal information of users</h3>
<p>Yandex is taking all the necessary organizational and technical measures to protect personal user information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as other illegal activity of third parties.</p>

<h3>6. Amendments to the Privacy Policy. Applicable law.</h3>
<p>6.1. After an amendment is made, the latest revision date shall be specified in the updated version. The new version of the Policy shall become effective upon its publication, unless otherwise provided for by the new version of the Policy. The current edition is always on the following page: http://company.yandex.ru/legal/confidential/</p>
<p>6.2. This Policy and relations between the user and Yandex arising out of the Policy shall be governed by the law of the Russian Federation.</p>

<h3>7. Feedback. Questions and suggestions</h3>
<p>Any questions or suggestions regarding this Policy should be sent to the Yandex User Support Service or to Yandex, LLC, 16 Lva Tolstogo St, Moscow, 119021.</p>

<p><em>The present edition of the Policy is a translation from Russian language. In case of conflict between the Policy conditions in Russian and their translation, Russian version of the Policy is prevail.</em></p>

<p><em>Last Modification Date 31.03.2011</em></p>

<p>&#171;&#171; <a href="license.xhtml#confidential-para">Back</a></p>

</body>
</html>
